one particular leadership style that I hope is dying out would be out
of the the micro managing style you it's it's been proven to not be
very effective it creates trust issues if you're constantly having to
micromanage your people so I'm hoping that that's going away and that
people start looking more towards you know being able to delegate
down to the lowest person because that creates trust it also builds
responsibility and also creates you know of a leader of leaders so
even the lowest guy feels that they have value and that they're able
to lead something even if it's just you know their own job that they're
doing or another particular person is at the same rank as them
it's starting to build their responsibility their leadership skills
and that you know that feeds up as well as it trickles down so I'm
hoping that the style of like micro managing and that abusive style
of leadership is going away